docs: add documentation for ngNonBindable (#36560)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/attribute-directives.md

<code-example path="attribute-directives/src/app/app.component.html" header="src/app/app.component.html (defaultColor)" region="defaultColor"></code-example>

Angular knows that the `defaultColor` binding belongs to the `HighlightDirective`
because you made it _public_ with the `@Input()` decorator.

Here's how the harness should work when you're done coding.

<div class="lightbox">
  <img src="generated/images/guide/attribute-directives/highlight-directive-final-anim.gif" alt="Final Highlight">
</div>

<hr />

{@a ngNonBindable}

## `ngNonBindable`

With the built-in template primitive `ngNonBindable`, Angular won't
evaluate expressions in elements. For example:

<code-example path="attribute-directives/src/app/app.component.html" linenums="false" header="src/app/app.component.html" region="ngNonBindable"></code-example>

The expression `{{ 1 + 1 }}` will render just as it does in your code editor,
and will not display `2`. This is helpful when you want to render code in the browser.

When you apply `ngNonBindable` to an element, it stops any binding starting at that element, including child elements. However, `ngNonBindable` still allows

> directives to work to the element where you apply`ngNonBindable`. In the following example, the `appHighlight` directive will still be active but Angular will not evaluate the expression `{{ 1 +1 }}`.

Reviewer: Excuse me, If I could give my two cents here, I think there are missing whitespaces:

- After "apply" word;
- After plus sign (there are other ocurrences also in file "app.component.html");

```suggestion
directives to work to the element where you apply `ngNonBindable`. In the following example, the `appHighlight` directive will still be active but Angular will not evaluate the expression `{{ 1 + 1 }}`.
```

Author: Thanks will add

Reviewer 2: Good catch, @rafaelss95!

Author: made the changes @aikidave please have a look

Reviewer: @ajitsinghkaler it seems like you forgot to change it in the `app.component.html` also 👀

> directives to work to the element where you apply`ngNonBindable`. For example, in the following, the `appHighlight` directive will still be active but Angular will not evaluate the expression `{{ 1 +1 }}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
directives to work to the element where you apply`ngNonBindable`. In the following example, the `appHighlight` directive will still be active but Angular will not evaluate the expression `{{ 1 +1 }}`.
```

<code-example path="attribute-directives/src/app/app.component.html" linenums="false" header="src/app/app.component.html" region="ngNonBindable-with-directive"></code-example>

> Additionally, if you apply `ngNonBindable` to a parent element, interpolation and binding of any sort, such as property binding, or event binding, will be disabled for its children.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you apply `ngNonBindable` to a parent element, interpolation and binding of any sort, such as property binding or event binding, is disabled for its children.
```
